1. "Evolution of the novel coronavirus from the ongoing Wuhan outbreak and modeling of its spike protein for risk of human transmission"    
    * Analysis showed that the Wuhan CoV shared a common ancestor with SARS coronavirus that resembles the bat coronavirus HKU9-1. This work points to the RBD domain of the Wuhan CoV S-protein which supports strong interaction with human ACE2 molecules. 
2. "Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, and Academy of Military Medical Sciences identified pharmaceuticals that can possibly treat 2019-nCoV"    
    * This [article](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/TlI0d4XsfrrFtYHhWI7h6g) reveals several pharmaceuticals that are candidates to be used to treat the recent 2019-nCoV outbreak. 
3. "Learning from the Past: possible Urgent Prevention and Treatment Options for Severe Respiratory Infections Caused by 2019-nCov"    
    * The spike protein used for host cell infection although shows mutations but remains a viable target for development of biologics. This paper suggests 3 potential drug candidates: remdesivir, 3CLpro-1, and novel sulfone protease inhibitor to possibly treat patients.
4. **Cell-based antiviral screening against coronaviruses: Developing virus-specific and broad-spectrum inhibitors** 
5. "Coronaviruses — drug discovery and therapeutic options"
    * Review of epidemiology, virology, clinical features, and current treatment strategies of SARS and MERS in 2016. This review article also includes a discussion of the drug discovery and development of new therapeutic options for CoV infections.    
6. "Novel Inhibitors of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Entry That Act by Three Distinct Mechanisms."       
    * There are no approved treatments as of this article for SARS coronavirus. This article reports the discovery and characterization of several small-molecule inhibitors of SARS-CoV replication through several mechanisms. It showed that their mechanisms of action revealed that the compounds act by three distinct mechanisms: (i) SSAA09E2 {*N*-[[4-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)phenyl]methyl]-1,2-oxazole-5-carboxamide} acts through a novel mechanism of action, by blocking early interactions of SARS-S with the receptor for SARS-CoV, angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2); (ii) SSAA09E1 {[(*Z*)-1-thiophen-2-ylethylideneamino]thiourea} acts later, by blocking cathepsin L, a host protease required for processing of SARS-S during viral entry; and (iii) SSAA09E3 [*N*-(9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracen-2-yl)benzamide] also acts later and does not affect interactions of SARS-S with ACE2 or the enzymatic functions of cathepsin L but prevents fusion of the viral membrane with the host cellular membrane.
7. "Severe acute respiratory syndrome vs. the Middle East respiratory syndrome"    
    * This review compares clinical features, laboratory aspects, and treatment options of SARS-like coronaviruses which typically come from bats. This article compares the similarities and differences of SARS to MERS.